hello everyone welcome to the PTP the
last call planned today for the
discussion yeah david diaz will be
leaving now we take me next they take it
away awesome Thank You Victor uh hi
everyone so this week we have a net
plated roadmap for lipid appear similar
to what we have for the project practice
first orbit and go I PFS we have a
roadmap for a peer-to-peer debt like is
the roadmap for ep2 pjs and go so both
of limitations we and no it has like a
single project I'm not the link is
available on the other path and and yeah
like if you haven't if you have comments
now please share them if you haven't
reviewed them review the pr please do so
because we would like to march at and
like start using as broad map to cut
ourselves the the milestones if everyone
has their roadmap open the mouse
tone-deaf you are handling right now is
the first the second undeterred so
because there's like some work that can
be done in parallel or we could appear
like in reality we are really working on
three miles under the same time not just
one it is like easier to break it in
several milestones because it's easier
to manage sculpt action items then
having like a very large mass stuff for
everything so as we we're talking before
i'll just redoes call the first mile
stone is like a bob like getting
interrupt and we already have stepped a
little bit on go and GS calls we are
finishing the PO streams and ever jeremy
is doing the recipes the script that we
can use to add see I the best the Jessup
it appear against go if you to peer
tests and that should do it so that's on
the tip on the first milestone
the second mouse tonight but it's more
like work that is being an old hi Jeremy
it is about lacking protein connectivity
on go if you to peer and you got a PFS
includes things like the discussions
about connections closing we still need
to have a proper discussion about that
and I figure out a way to move forward
but I will live that Jeremy to bring up
next time because there's no one like
basically cutting cutting all that
effort or at least I don't have any
notes there if someone has so much to
share on the connection closing costs
onto plates in market all right the
third one it's also very important it is
the leapreader pio Richard have you had
time to check the current with p2p
website the the last work that was done
by cal and get a set of it ok so any
thoughts on who particularly Oh time to
overall it yeah ok so we definitely
should like hi I'm not sure like when we
know each other very busy because I know
that you're all so I candling the multi
formats website but it will be very cool
if we have like kind of like a road map
just for the website itself because we
have to understand what information is
going to put it in a website prepare the
repo to prepare examples to put on the
website and also like decide what's
going to be the first version one
example I shared on an issue on the
weekly to peer website repo is the level
we be taught our website it is pretty
simple and gets the job done explaining
what the project is and like leads the
users of viewers two examples and I to
whom is using it so if we can get
something at would then equal amount of
information for loop it appear as the
first expression of the work cited
degree cool yeah so I basically spent
Friday
a doing multi formats and I plte
basically just like skeleton websites so
i exported out the theme i've been using
from my own i was protocol that its
individual theme um actually launched
that as minimal cayman calm because i
figured why not other people could use
it to UM and then i was going to do the
same thing to lip it to be but then I
saw you post double to be which if you
look for the nice so I'm gonna see if I
can like give me a thing that looks
similar level DB per looking to pee and
I'll open up a roadmap issue on the BJP
website and I'll open up an issue for
discussion and hopefully why don't we
say that I'll just do this tomorrow
morning so i'll plan to have a lip PTP
website up by the end of day my time
tomorrow okay you found place to start
talking about how to improve it I think
iterating is better than coming up with
a full course design initially I don't
know this you agree and so i'll be
flying tomorrow from ten a.m. to six pm
which is like noon for you and when i
finish flying i will be all the same
time zone so that we can just go chat
tomorrow what let's plan on doing that
tomorrow yeah agree um awesome are we
getting this okay as a note okay I will
dentists appointment that's why i said
like any day tomorrow and supposed to
tomorrow morning so yeah i'll ping you
when I like went and like you tell me
when it's best for you cool okay and
there's anyone an extra tops on the
website stuff I'll good oh yeah
a one of the one of the tasks for q3 is
using I pns with the websites which we
haven't in the past because it used to
be the slow so I pldi oh and
multi-format say oh can be test balloons
for that and I'm try to edit a bit of
work on a real quick and dirty I PFS
pages just so the rigid can finally
deploy that all without being blocked by
other people um yeah and so that's going
to use I pns as well and we can see how
it goes in otherwise will ya good okay
so then we don't have to change any DNS
stuff just yep publish the record yep
yep yep ok so i commented like asking
maybe we can work on that this afternoon
and try to get one of the websites up
and pointed at it together I think it
exposed me mm-hmm this afternoon my time
next few hours yeah sounds good alright
cool so going to jump here to the
initial phase of web subtest at math you
added this item are you there Matt or
you give Amir yeah sorry well I'm fixing
my audio okay ah there you go alright so
I'm just pulling sorry taking notes on
something else cinda back oh ok so i
added an item for wish singh so you
added the item initial phase off up
subtest nuts oh I didn't I'll continue
okay I didn't have the assets it's
highlighted like me but I didn't have
that okay so someone use the same color
as you okay
did someone add them that we liked a
amigos Gavin Gavin are you there okay oh
oh wait didn't we have an issue like
that last week as well oh man yeah this
is this is kevin sorry i just hopped on
here hey you working this thing yeah
okay so good to give us a flight on that
yeah sorry so had some unexpected travel
last week and by probably middle metal
late this week I'll have an initial
version up for review for you guys so
okay that's good um yeah like are you
blocking anything the DAR we are you a
nice to provide you with an EVO no help
i need some feedback tomorrow night
where's my site right tuesday wednesday
and then move from there okay sounds
good like if you want me to attack me
all the PR on Yadav and then I p me on
IRC so that I kept act like flashing
notifications everywhere so I like
prioritize that just like this okay this
is just do it this way I don't like you
don't get blog oh alright sorry for the
late on that guys hey so um yeah cool
okay so that that's going to use there's
like two other items on the agenda which
is like the ALF closed connection
upgrade I started that then I got
dragged into the pool streams vs PD
problem need to finish that and we have
an item that was that's a Richard
brought to our attention last week which
is not every single GS repo as the ti
enable it is like very close but like we
just need to go to every single repo and
make sure that we even forgot any and
activated TI and they've got cover
chests it is not a lot of work is just
like from one time like if someone wants
to sign up for that because we'd
otherwise i will add as an action item
for this week and if i have the capacity
out
awful do it um so yeah does anyone has
any other question t1 is looking very
carefully at the screen so that it gets
this way tonight oh yeah I have one
question no arm or more than Jenna thing
so of doing due to finally being able to
finalize streams are we will be able to
merge and ships I kayo Andres and let
p2p yeah um but we need to test the
integration before you that or I would
go who I would I want to test make sure
that it actually works together would go
I PFS before we ship it yes I rigid
because otherwise it's really like so do
we have some tests that we can use right
now they don't use Sakai oh that's why I
asked Jeremy to be till there's an issue
on GSA particular PFS we did the the
scripts that I would like Jeremy to do
because like I PFS it's not the goal
with repairs are building the same way
that Jesse's it is a kid it's becoming
more and more modular but not as modular
and i'll ask impossible as jesse pretty
good right now so it requires some da my
knowledge to get all of the species or
thing so Jeremy is going to build like
just like a script that instantiates
warm and that's the TCP dress poured
another script that you just a swarm DCP
and speedy another one that also enables
identify another one that also the way
that we do the GS tests right we have
all of these tests that like add a
little bit more functionality add one
more module to the mix and we test it
like recipe by recipe make sure i can
tell them I testing everything at the
same time so that we know which pieces
work and don't work right away so yeah
we can test without a KO today tomorrow
we'll check out if the prescripts are
done back more
right is it realistic than those scripts
are done too well I'm I like we were up
in Italy today looking ahead I mean we
can test in an easier way you can just
run again stuff wait yes yeah we can do
that it's just thankful um yeah yes the
noise we don't know it's something when
goes wrong we don't know exactly where
it went wrong yeah um so yeah I just
want to figure out what we can do this
week for testing degree so who's lette I
would like to know with their issues and
what I voice you there are as soon as
possible yeah what yeah what I said as a
goal getting the documentation bits that
it is the last thing that we want of
those PRS to be ready at merged but
tomorrow and let's see if the script
will be ready by tomorrow or not or if
they're going to be ready by Wednesday
let's make sure that we test things
Wednesday so that we can acts also
submerging once there and that we can
just be done with it right these things
fell on Wednesday then we have to
recover right what we are doing and what
needs to be changed yeah i mean i'm
expecting there will be something not a
hundred percent right on cycle because
it's implemented from scratch so there's
probably something I overlooked I will
be really confused if their word yeah so
I expect up to do some fixing there so
yeah let's make sure we do that till 15
yeah yeah
alright we have actually 11 minutes we
all here when ice fichte pacheco we can
talk about something yeah like whatever
there's there's a bike shedding about
that that needs to happen I idea someone
wants to rename the p2p swarm oh yeah
that won't be part that was be4
large-bore jealous issues and that's all
that's a good thing okay I had a
capacity oh we enter yeah so I don't
have any other item if someone that
wants to contribute again like for
everyone else I christening the
webstream vote Jessica Vess and Jeffrey
peer-to-peer we try to be very welcoming
in our process we tell the issues
without pointed the difficulty we only
talking shoes without point ago and they
are like completely and blocked when
like certainly someone at grab that
issue can go from like scratch and
completed without like having to wait
for some other piece to be done we also
have the captain walk that I'd like some
direction on what is our focus and one
where we would like some help if someone
would like some more precise direction
of what would be very important
definitely feel free to ping me or
anyone else like acting on Jessica Vess
we yeah like there's a lot of stuff to
be done and we definitely appreciate
everyone look like last time to this
friend and like would you the code and
win more stuff or write more tests yeah
then oh by the way it's like small
request is like fun and math and Emily
if you could review the roadmap and also
the walk aboard I prevent the roadmap
and also I Quint the waffle board and I
care everything as I did for just give
us I know that you are doing
prioritizing getting going
fedsep speed but like if we could like
get a whip you to appear on like a first
state the pr with the world map merged
so that we can use that for now we are
like the flashing you p.m. so to be good
so like you should review it doing this
big Oh preciate it it's there anything
in particular you want from that review
like ah yeah like from your expectations
of all the world map what is missing
from that document what is not clear
where else from the meeting that we have
in Lisbon that might have been
overlooked when I created that roadmap
like if I missed something from the
discussions or yeah so for example the
leaf you to be a real map doesn't be
cool anything pops up related because
pops up is being analyzed like there's a
single whenever uh it might be clever I
don't know like this again I tell me
what you want to have there or if it
would work maybe so much you don't beat
the final time okay well I'm sorry to
get I've already reading through it I
just want to call out that like that I
certainly least from my side and very
much in more of a motive still figuring
out different ways that everyone is
approaching this and how that doesn't
does not fit with this overall model and
I definitely intend to then once we go
back to the model once we've tested this
a couple times you go back to the model
and stabilize it then I will be doing
that's when I will have stronger
opinions so right now i have like very
very loose opinions about what a roadmap
should look like or where it should be
and all of that so i can give it a look
but i just don't have many of things at
this point okay okay um thank you um
well again if if you have some time to
go just do it and give it thumbs up for
now it'll be quick 1x might say that
there's that each other that talks about
how different people wanting putting
mechanics and relativity if you've
become a chance to write how you want to
do mechanics in you know in your enjoys
that they pass on the 15 so um be great
to just have all that surface soon as
possible so that we can okay so Matt can
take a look at that okay sounds good ah
thank you oh right n tone wait I took
notes David if you could review them
I'll put them in the PR and I'll sign
you to it everyone else thank you for
coming I think that's it for this call
unless there's any other open questions
thank you thanks Terry ready he'll room
you have a great day you know we have I